Haha, stop it.
I don't think you know the weight of this Princess Changle and this Lu Shenggu contemporary God Lord, right?
You don't know much then.
General Xia, don't hesitate
If Chen Bufan is there, then Chen Nan has no way to solve him at all.
Don't worry, it's not too late to teach him a lesson when the Deer God Order gets it.
I said this auction can't happen
Because of the Deer God Order you mentioned?
I will buy free off the market.
Hahahaha
What qualifications do you, an inferior village woman, have to buy out this Deer God Order?
Oh, by the way, this auction is the highest specification in recent years
But the school is the toughest
Yanzi, Yanyan and I have prepared 500 prophecies
And General Xia also has 500 prophecies
We're 100 billion together.
What do you compare with me?
Ye Linghan, I admit that you have surprised me again and again
But it's your turn today
The purple gold card he took is the purple gold card
His family really has 100 billion
Do you know what 100 billion is?
Even if Chen Bufan has more than 100 billion in bank deposits
But in all the banks in the capital
It takes at least 3 days to deploy.
That is to say
Today's auction
No one can escape my Xia Qing's cash of 100 billion a year
Doesn't stop me from buying out
This verification card is thrown in your face
And you're bragging?
Then do you know
That off-market buyout requires up to twice the principal
That's 200 billion.
The auction is half an hour away
If you can come up with 200 billion
Report my name and write it.
Hey, give me 200 billion in cash
Not ready for 500 billion